Press anything button to advance dialogue, hold any button to skip
Stryg: Greetings, biped. We seem to have gotten lost, would you be so kind as to direct us to Earth?
Mav: (Is this joker for real?!) Uhh, you`ve landed right on it?
Stryg: What? There must be a misunderstanding. No, we want the Earth with the vibrant metropolises and the lush landscapes…
Mav: You’re a couple epochs too late, bud. Earth ain`t been that way for a while. We once had that utopia you’re talkin’ about, but this is all we got left now.
Stryg: I see.
Mav: These days, humans are just trying to make the most of it before our time runs out, which could be any day now.
Stryg: My apologies. Sorry we bothered you.
Mav: S’alright. Happy trails, alien dudes.
[TAKEOFF]
Mav: Lucky bastards. Wish I could just ditch this hell rock like that…
[RETURN]
Stryg: Oh, Earth dweller, are you still there?
Mav: Uh, yeah… (What could they want this time?)
Stryg: Most excellent. You see, making it out this far was quite the endeavor, so we were thinking, and we feel it would be rather unwise if we were to squander this opportunity.
Stryg: Our species took interest in yours because much like yourselves, we also strive for great knowledge. Therefore, we would like to perform a scientific study of this planet before it is too late.
Mav: (sigh) So what do you need from me?
Stryg: Naught but a mere few relics of human civilization. Hmm… let me see…
Stryg: Ah yes. If you could bring for us the following…
Stryg: A sample from one of your fruit-bearing Earth trees… Perhaps the one you call AN APPLE?
Stryg: A preserved, intact specimen of the fauna native to this planet… something like A FOSSIL.
Stryg: One of mankind`s pivotal inventions, the one used to navigate and confirm one`s orientation… I think you humans refer to it as A COMPASS.
Stryg: And finally, a compendium of events in your rich history, written in your human languages… What is it called again… ah yes, A BOOK.
Stryg: If you were to bring us these items, earth dweller, we would be most grateful.
Mav: Yeah, yeah, gratitude`s great and all, but I can`t exactly cash it in. You`re gonna have to sweeten the pot a little if you want me to help you out.
Stryg: Hmm… One moment, please.
[SHORTPAUSE]
Stryg: Very well, human, I will propose to you a deal, a gesture of goodwill if you will. If you can carry out our task successfully, we will see about transporting you to a planet perhaps more… hospitable than this one.
Stryg: It may be too late for humankind as a species, but maybe you would prefer to live out the rest of your life in comfort and luxury?
Mav: Sounds a hell of a lot better than kicking around in this barren wasteland, I guess.
Stryg: Do we have a deal then, human?
Mav: Yeah sure, I`ll get your stuff for you. (Not like I have anything better to do, to be honest…)
Stryg: Many thanks. To foster trust in this budding partnership, I will introduce myself. My name is Captain Stryg, and we hail from a planet we call Dakdeilex in the neighboring galaxy you know as the Andromeda Galaxy.
Stryg: We will be waiting here until you return with all four items. Should you grow weary in your efforts, we will offer you a place of respite  and a rejuvenation tank to nurse you back to health.
Stryg: Good luck and godspeed, [NAME].
[CENTER]Upper Buttons to Attack
[CENTER]Lower Buttons to Dash
[CENTER]HOLD START to View Objectives
[CENTER]HOLD MENU to Quit
:ENABLE_CONROLS: